When running the test programs after compiling `grep.exe' from the
sources in `grp210s.zip' and `tar.exe' from the sources in
`tar112s.zip', MAX 8 fails to provide DPMI services to run the test
scripts.  These same tests run successfully in a DOS box under Windows
3.11.  While I have not personally run these additional tests, they
are reliably reported to run in a DOS box under Windows 95 and under
DOS using the free DPMI server written by Charles W. Sandmann of Rice
Institute.

"make" is called from the top directory to change directory to the
sub-directory "tests" and "make[1] is called to use the makefile in
the subdirectory.  Within this makefile "make[2]" is invoked to reach
a target within the same makefile.	This runs a shell (bash, the
Bourne Again Shell) which runs a script to do the tests.  The to be
tested programs, grep or tar, fail to load because the stub cannot get
DPMI services to switch to protected mode.	The actual error message
comes from the stub.  "Load failure:  Can't change mode"

The problem is not available memory, per se, since the amounts of
memory free at this point is comparable under MAX 8, and Windows 3.11.
Some more subtle resource has been exhausted by MAX 8.

All of the programs needed to display this behavior are freely available on:
	http://www.simtel.net/pub/simtelnet/gnu/djgpp/ in
		subdirectories v2 and v2gnu.
The DPMI server of C.W. Sandmann is also there in subdirectory v2misc.

I am using a 486dx/33 with 16 Mb ram, running MS-DOS 6.22 and Windows
3.11.  This is the first instance in which MAX 8 has failed my
expectations.  I have looked at your web pages.  Although the text on
the patch m800801.exe did not offer any hope that my problem would
have been corrected, I downloaded it and applied the patch.

The same behavior was observed.

Any ideas?	Do you need more details?  It's not that I want to run the
tests.	Even with MAX 8 from DOS they will run if I change to the
"tests" subdirectory.  The question is why MAX 8 cannot handle the
level of nested program that the other DPMI servers manage.

Regards
Frank Donahoe


BTW, the instructions in PATCH.DOC to run:

> SETUP /W would lead to the patched files being overwritten from the
floppy if one followed the screen display.



